Retry count for validate links task (#490)
lightbend/paradox: docs/src/main/paradox/validation.md

  "/docs/version/(?!latest).*"
)
```

## Retrying links check

> `paradoxValidateLinksRetryCount` setting allows retrying link check for the provided number of times in case link returns non success response code i.e., other than 200 status code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`paradoxValidateLinksRetryCount` setting allows retrying link check for the provided number of times in case linked server does not reply, or returns a possibly temporary failure response code (500, 502, 503 or 504). 
```

Author: Fix pushed.
